saba all the boys and welcome
today to this new video I am
always the coasts 90 100 the video game that
you are seeing right now is the
metal gear rising greve gens while
there I was wondering if they didn't have
could make a more intricate title than
This maybe a little longer
some other word in little middle
perfect so you never know anymore
managed to pronounce it took this off
this today I am here even now
propose this video thanks also to
halifax halifax who it is first
maybe some will hear this word
maybe they have already heard it I don't know
what it is
halifax distributor of some of the
video games that come out here precisely in
Italy
among these there is precisely metal gear rising
it is just houses that I go out to do this
gameplay so it seems appropriate
also remind you that to make up cuts
a facebook page if it had nothing
to do in the next few minutes let us a
jump and if you liked but you can
put a like since they succeed
maybe even some news related to
games like the ones that are about to come out
as turn right
in short it is a page where protected is a
bit of everything but in short the link in
description I think the eyes there
you have it, so I think you can
to look at alone is therefore said
this from the facebook page of halifax
italy now we can focus on
metal gear rising metal gear rising is
come out of little here is a game that or yes
love or hate well surely maybe here
let's say let's say the novelty
they see metal gear rising a little like a
total involvement of what for
their metals has however also to be said that
this is a spin off and acting as
spin off very little to do
in quotes with the gameplay that you
had in the metals succeeded over the years
earlier here is this upset
maybe the plans pay a little bit
the idea and ask people they had of
metal gear but honestly I like it
so
this video game that I like because
because I am a person who plays
even games like darksiders devil may
cry these short action games
in which
at the base of everything there is a sequence of
combo sets of parades to chain these together
I like playing a lot here
see it transposed in a metal way
copper that there is a lot here and above all
knowing that just a spin off of
front I know I have a little game maybe
different from the usual always linked to
what the history of metal gear but
a complete gaming experience
new and here for example taken as an example
here for example you are seeing a boss
forwarded to the beginning one of the first in the
video game and it's moments like these
that you case a lot with the game is
very pretty here we say that maybe
compared to the demo I don't know why I have
had the impression that graphically if
it was better but then it will be
a personal impression on me anyway
especially like these bosses a lot
which give you great gratification
this this ping here
rather the name as you can see e
we like little ones like that
however cazzutissime in ryder
we will be able to defeat or better
watch the video maybe later
end I die and make terrible files
however these are those situations in
referred to in the network game houses because you
with your sword and you will go out to
face an enemy like this then
in the course of the video game like everyone
what action games are present
there are numerous bosses of facts
I think that finally there will also be
an opportunity to return a little to do
some videos on secular boss no and others
moments like these in this video game
make me in my opinion make you render me
make it clear that we say more
simply how spectacular the
game
often when we saw and played with
example while the 4 we were ryden
appear suddenly and make
hallucinating things we can finally do
do us too
maybe now I talked about ryder one of the
characters that I really like
precisely of metals and why I a little in
Heretical way I started playing
at 2 when one is small , I have one
played but without understanding anything of facts
but nobody played later instead
played in the 2nd most thorough manner is
the first character I met
of metals and it was ride and then me
I'm fond of it but it's a pleasure
however precisely
the only flaw point that is connected
were to the raid story and
fact that I would have liked this
videogame set after 2 capendo
because rai becomes a
cazzutissimo cyborg sure ok when I have it
I saw a lot of cyborgs
then I thought it was
parliament and killed destroyed minced
so maybe had to fall back on a
synthetic body to survive instead
anyway why why diet you
you know why I do n't know yet
unfolded bent every night not sleeping
every time anyway when I think about it
I ask why and would have liked it
that this spin off spin off was not
after 4 but sooner or better after 2
before 4 then to understand why rai
well become a side this is one
question that everyone makes is that nobody
has an answer but moving forward
still talking about the game almost now
another one of those sequences that me
they really like these action games
perhaps make their own fortune in
these moments because in the cost of
I objectively play the games on these
games are monotonous games and devil may
cry games a darksider take a sword but
knows that all ends of the story
but what allows you to continue
play a game like this or better yes
it gives the stimulus of playing more and more
what else are these sequences?
these cinematic sequences or
as you saw the first repayments challenge
bosses are always a new challenge because
because each time they will be different each
once there will be a boss that we will have to
had to face a certain way
of the different combos will have
completely different attitudes e
especially going forward in the
facing the boss is not known for which
reason the more we hurt him the more
we are in crisis almost when
never paid becomes stronger and stronger
practically when i each bag at a
centimeter better
mm of life that we do not put mm anyway
a spit of life suddenly
they become immortal they kill you the facts
in these games I often don't know about you
when I count bosses
then little and then you die that is the only one
when will he take over the
finest ray and then get off the ball that
he goes down from the balcony to say I don't jump
because that is, in the stairs go to
gather control in the garden that
maybe the dog took it buried by
some part therefore with this image
probably my memory every time
not to do it
anyway guys then this video
in short, this is metal
gear rising raven james a title
very aggressive were many
r I really like me press
pronounced damn platinum games that
you have created a title like this but
I think there is nothing else to add
for this occasion coming soon
I'll come back with this game because if you are
metal gear fans can't help but
maybe you won't play metal gear
as you know it but it is still
re metals and therefore you will like it at least
I hope
and now seeing that we are at the end of
this video I ask you as usual
guess your account
current no no this I can't yet
but if he were so kind I accept it
I gladly ask you for your pressures
on this title for whoever it was
passionate about the saga
I would like to know what was yours
reaction if you bought it too
purist who says no this is not metal
gear please read it you can't
hear that is or whatever you have
It received well did you pleasure
play with it if you bought it as well but that
you are waiting for a good opportunity to
get it out at an advantageous price
having said that I am still the big 90
I want to thank you for yours
kind attention you lent me
today I leave you to the phases
final of this video hello to all
and his the dream of the frost all acquitted